Always use ALPN for version negotiation (#499)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

such as TCP, and applications using MoQ might need to fallback to
another protocol when QUIC or WebTransport aren't available.

> MoQ uses ALPN in QUIC and "WT-Available-Protocols" in WebTransport

Reviewer: MoQT

such as TCP, and applications using MoQ might need to fallback to
another protocol when QUIC or WebTransport aren't available.

> MoQT uses ALPN in QUIC and "WT-Available-Protocols" in WebTransport
> ({{WebTransport, Section 3.4}}) to negotiate the version of MoQ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MOQT uses ALPN in QUIC and "WT-Available-Protocols" in WebTransport
({{WebTransport, Section 3.4}}) to perform version negotiation.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Do you need something like this:

\[\[RFC editor: please remove the remainder of this section before publication.]]

Author: ```suggestion
[[RFC editor: please remove the remainder of this section before publication.]]

```

The ALPN value {{!RFC7301}} for the final version of this specification

> is `moq`.  ALPNs used to identify IETF drafts are created by appending

Reviewer 2: Should we use moqt?

Connection URL and the associated connection setup procedures are
specific to the underlying transport protocol usage (see {{session}}).

## Extension Negotiation {#extension-negotiation}

Endpoints use the exchange of Setup messages to negotiate any MOQT extensions
to use.

The client includes all Setup Parameters {{setup-params}} required for the

> negotiated MoQ version in CLIENT_SETUP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
negotiated MOQT version in CLIENT_SETUP.
```

Within any MOQT version, clients request the use of extensions by adding Setup
parameters corresponding to that extension. No extensions are defined in this
document.

The server replies with a SERVER_SETUP message that includes all parameters

> required for a handshake in that version, and parameters for every extension

Reviewer 2: Is this bit about "handshake in that version" correct?

## CLIENT_SETUP and SERVER_SETUP {#message-setup}

The `CLIENT_SETUP` and `SERVER_SETUP` messages are the first messages exchanged
by the client and the server; they allow the peers to agree on the initial
configuration before any objects are exchanged. It is a sequence of key-value
pairs called Setup parameters; the semantics and format of which can vary based
on whether the client or server is sending.  To ensure future extensibility of

> MOQT, the peers MUST ignore unknown setup parameters.

Reviewer 3: This is one part I feel pretty strongly about. 

I think we need a way of naming keys or adding a flag to them that indicates that they are mandatory to understand and if the peer does not understand them it MUST end the connection with an error.  It does not cost of anything to makes it far easier to roll out new features across clients that don't all upgrade to the same implementation every 6 weeks.

Reviewer 2: This text isn't new in this PR, the paragraph reflowed when `to establish the mutually
supported version and` was removed.  Can you open a separate issue or PR about MTI setup params?

## CLIENT_SETUP and SERVER_SETUP {#message-setup}

The `CLIENT_SETUP` and `SERVER_SETUP` messages are the first messages exchanged
by the client and the server; they allow the peers to agree on the initial
configuration before any objects are exchanged. It is a sequence of key-value
pairs called Setup parameters; the semantics and format of which can vary based
on whether the client or server is sending.  To ensure future extensibility of

> MOQT, the peers MUST ignore unknown setup parameters. 

Reviewer 2: I liked endpoint a little better here?
